They say the holy water's watered down and this town's lost its faith
Our colors will fade eventually
So if our time is running out day after day
We'll make the mundane our masterpiece
Oh my, my, oh my, my
Love, I take one look at you
You're taking me out of the ordinary
I want you laying me down till we're dead and buried
On the edge of your knife, staying drunk on your vine
The angels up in the clouds are jealous knowing we found
Something so out of the ordinary
You got me kissing the ground of your sanctuary
Shatter me with your touch, oh Lord, return me to dust
The angels up in the clouds are jealous knowing we found
Hopeless hallelujah
Oh, this side of Heaven's gate
Oh, my life, how do ya
Breathe and take my breath away?
At your altar, I will pray
You're the sculptor, I'm the clay
Oh my, my
You're taking me out of the ordinary
I want you laying me down till we're dead and buried
On the edge of your knife, staying drunk on your vine
The angels up in the clouds are jealous knowing we found
Something so out of the ordinary
You got me kissing the ground of your sanctuary
Shatter me with your touch, oh Lord, return me to dust
The angels up in the clouds are jealous knowing we found
Something so heavenly
Higher than ecstasy whenever you're next to me
Oh my, my world was in black and white until I saw your light
I thought you had to die to find something so out
Of the ordinary
I want you laying me down till we're dead and buried
On the edge of your knife, staying drunk on your vine
The angels up in the clouds are jealous knowing we found
Something so out of the ordinary
You got me kissing the ground of your sanctuary
Shatter me with your touch, oh Lord, return me to dust
The angels up in the clouds are jealous knowing we found